Add note about AWS inference profiles (#60)
stardog-union/launchpad-docs: voicebox.md

| **Configuration Option** | **Available Options** |
| --- | --- |
| `llm_provider` | `bedrock` |
| `llm_name` | `meta.llama3-1-70b-instruct-v1:0` , `us.meta.llama3-1-70b-instruct-v1:0`, `meta.llama4-maverick-17b-instruct-v1:0`, `us.meta.llama4-maverick-17b-instruct-v1:0`, (application inference profile name) |

> AWS Bedrock allows users to create [application inference profiles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/inference-profiles-create.html) to track usage and costs when invoking a model. The ARN associated with an inference profile can be used as the `llm_name` in Voicebox configuration. All LLM calls initiaed by Voicebox wil lbe done using this inference profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Bedrock allows users to create [application inference profiles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/inference-profiles-create.html) to track usage and costs when invoking a model. The ARN associated with an inference profile can be used as the `llm_name` in Voicebox configuration. All LLM calls initiated by Voicebox will be done using this inference profile.
```
